Makefile project for research
=============================

The goal of this template is to provide a folder structure and Makefile that can
be used to keep research work organized. The main idea is that a Makefile can be
used for all steps from raw data processing to LaTeX compilation. This ensures
that the whole research is reproducible. Additionally, it means that changes in
data or processing methods are automatically propagated all the way to the final
paper, and the folder structure can hopefully help to keep things organized.


Folder structure
================

- **data**: Raw data, not modified in any way. May include download scripts. May
include symlinks for large files/folders. May include git submodules for
datasets, if applicable.
- **code**: Contains all code (Python, MATLAB, ...) that produces results used
in the paper.
  - **processing**: Processing of raw data to produce intermediate results.
  - **tex**: Generating tex files.
  - **fig**: Generating figures.
  - **utils**: Utility code.
  - **requirements.txt**: For python installation with pip. Be sure to use a
  clean virtual environment for the research code.
- **external**: Code that was used for this research, but does not generate
files for the paper. For example: a paparazzi commit, added as submodule.
- **generated**: Folder to store processed or intermediate data. Can be removed
on make clean, although exceptions could be made for data that takes a long time
to generate. May contain symlinks for large datasets.
- **tex**: *Stand-alone* git submodule for LaTeX document! Contains all
handwritten tex files, generated tex files and figures; everything needed to
generate the document. Can be pulled from and pushed to Overleaf. Alternatively,
the generated folder can be uploaded manually.
  - **generated**: Files generated by this makefile. Can be removed on make
  clean.
    - **tex**: Generated LaTeX files, e.g. with results or other important
    numbers.
    - **fig/<article_format>**: Figures generated for the specified article
    format with the appropriate file type (e.g. pdf).
  - **format**: Files belonging to a specific format, e.g. IEEE. Should include
  a root.tex file that includes the appropriate content file(s).
  - **content**: Files belonging to this research. These files should be kept as
  format-agnostic as possible, to make it easier to include these in future work
  such as the final thesis.
